otay truTV yeah um mixtape on the way
stay low listen good Keith the main
thing that I want around when I'm really
stressed out and need to be calming down
and I swear down if you taste so sweet
especially when I ain't her after about
a week leg I used to only hit a 12 month
so that was when I couldn't handle her
bring a bunch now I have a reckless
dinner and lunch and when I'm with her
I'm always eating bear lunch the only
bad thing is she's taking on my phones
but she makes me feel blessed with my
life she'll come and some days I wished
it and never all begun remember when we
first met you got me so strong and from
then on I couldn't let you go even
though they're manga on and off Gallego
I've seen your car trouble I've seen
Mako I've seen you yet taken away Goffe
negro so next time when we another keep
it really quiet they're special skills
you've got them required to make people
go sleep and they're not even tigard you
make people lose weight and then I on a
dagger but no lie babe i love the way
you make me feel it even made me feel
better when I'm sitting ill but
sometimes I get fixed when I'm sitting
in the yard and he not around and all I
wanna do is chill it's mostly that I'm
resting for and getting beaten by law I
can plague and second for people want to
clash make it better roughing doors I'm
just trying to ease and maybe get a
broad see the shore and get away far
away you're catching on the teeth with
the drinks and a smile on my face
flashing on the waves when I'm thinking
about my day glad that I'm getting out
the rain and the life on this might even
fly to damn again just for let my split
illegally seized on that wagon writing
shit I know with something ain't ready
to quit but I keep coming back to
hypnotize me jen and mulaney's changed
where she lay but young but the haven
got me feeling bleh so i'm lagging in
whatever the light in it remember that
you left a bit so you might as well fuck
a hard and it away Jesus let go hey